and it
on the behalf of our family we like to
say thank you for a great 2007 we had a
great time growing wine making wine
selling wine and now it is time to make
sausage this is this is what we dis a
family tradition we make this every year
for the holidays we give it away to
friends and family this is my
grandmother's recipe so it's a northern
Italian recipe little salt pepper nutmeg
clove allspice I can't give you ounces
but it's a great recipe and anyway we're
going to enjoy we wish you guys were all
here to join us this recipes is all
typical northern Italian it's all Boston
but so it's the shoulder of the home
we've landed about ten percent we have
our butcher blending about ten percent
fat back into it because today's pork
solely sure these are working cow
intestines casings like we tied these
off yesterday but these are a thicker
casing bigger round these ones are a
little chewy though so you want to slit
them peel them off infinity Minnesota
they all traditionally
so I reach for the not run the water out
like that yeah I take it and blow
capture some tough it on the nozzle and
Ebert run it all the way to the end go
slowly go ahead I'll hold this back here
okay good right like that I learned how
to tie these sausage my mother she
always tied and my Nona and we did that
every year and when we made sauce it
going we made a decision this is my mom
Rachel answer kzo and we as far back as
I can remember we always did this in our
garage up at the moment that's right
with George new mini cali yeah Oh George
so this is this is my secret Sicilian
recipe and it's one that I've developed
with making Carla's a more my recipe
more your recipe that's eighty percent
mine and no 80% myoclonic jerk it's my
dad dress no no no is later oh no no
it's totally different than your dad's
recipe she's got fennel fennel pollen
fresh garlic red pepper flakes pepper
secret ingredient or two but tell me
what you think I'm gonna back it off the
pepper just a little guy he's perfect I
think yeah I think it's up Thanks
perfect i think my dad would be proud
thanks out here my name is Fred Casa La
Crosse and I'm a great roar list of my
sin goes to see geisha this is an annual
event and I always cook risotto to go
along with the sausage
jen is so many memories it's a very rich
heritage and it's just lovely to walk
this journey with the second generation
it's been a wonderful wonderful journey
there will I treasure all for under
communist but on behalf of our family
we'd like to say Merry Christmas have a
happy new year we love you guys thanks
for drinking our wine